hey good job get out of stock 40 little
work no how about to be do your homework
and then you can have a snack no what
are you watching this is actually the
finish line promo for Steph Curry all in
the contest if you can do a move like
hurry and posted on Instagram Twitter or
by you can win a pair of autographed
shoes and a pair of shoes to actually
just play hit ball handler Steph Curry
but you buddy go do your homework
you
what's up guys I'm here with AJ Hudson
and help me out with this finish line
promo and now for the promo all you have
to do is do a move like step curry and
basically take yourself doing it and put
it on Instagram or Twitter autographed
curries and another pair just beware on
the court so these days an actor he does
TV look you guys haven't already make
sure you subscribe like and favorite
this video and follow AJ it's game day
the actor over on Instagram hi guys as
always we appreciate you and I'll see
you soon